{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh14760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Set up a new computer\

\b0 \
Download and install:\
	- NIDAQ 3.6. You will need an account to download it. Install all updates it suggests.\
	- XQuartx 2.7.7 (X-11).	\
	- Xcode with command line tools (needed to re-compile mex files). \
	- Matlab 2014. White noise does NOT work properly with matlab 2015.\
	- Photons repository from github.\
\
Open stim_script.m in matlab. At the very top, set my_path to your Photons directory.\
\
If necessary re-compile mex files (normally not needed). In Matlab, CD to the directory with C file and run \'93mex fileName.c\'94. \

\fs24 Note: If we switch to Matlab2015 at some point, it might not have Xcode 7 set as default path. Go to http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/answers/246507-why-can-t-mex-find-a-supported-compiler-in-matlab-r2015b-after-i-upgraded-to-xcode-7 and follow instructions.
\b\fs36 \

\b0 \

\b Use Photons
\b0 \
\
After every reboot, run in terminal "sudo mdutil -i off" (turns off spotlight).\
\
Shut down all non-Matlab applications. 
\b \

\b0          \
In Initialization block of Stim_script.m:\
	- run initialize_display with OLED or CRT. You can set frequency and dimensions inside initialize_display.m.\
	- set path2save to where you want to save the stimuli.\
	- set gamma.\
\
Run stimuli. 
\b MINIMIZE
\b0  matlab before starting acquisition - it reduces timing jitter 10-100 times!\
\
\

\b Notes
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Common default parameters (x_start, x_end, y_start, y_end, background RGB, delay frames) can bet set inside initialize_display as well as monitor refresh rate, width, and height.\
\
- initialize_display will do silent pre-run of white noise and raw movie. According to Bill's notes, silent pre-run made subsequent call of these stimuli faster, but I'm not sure it's really true. Have to check.\
\
- Gamma: parameters currently in are from some long-ago measurements of some monitor. Trying to apply them to my monitor makes it darker than reasonable. So you may want to leave this part alone, or go to gamma calibration block and get real parameters.\
\

\b Troubleshooting
\b0 \
- if you mess up a stimulus (interrupt it or whatever), background on the next stimulus sometimes appears blinking. That is because MGL has double offline buffer, and one of them has not been refreshed. To fix that, run the following 
\b TWICE
\b0  (to clear both buffers): \
mglClearScreen(0.5);\
mglFlush\
(this code is also in the "Set Background" section at the top of Stim_script)\
\

\b Stimuli notes
\b0 \
Every stimulus except focusing squares:\
a) Serial stimuli like moving gratings etc are usually run with several parameters combinations (e.g. different orientations, periods, etc). You can pre-create all stimuli first and put them into cell array. Same goes for repeats of white noise etc. \
\
b) Current saving procedure (to be adjusted). Specify path2save in Initialization block. Then use:\
save_parameters(stimulus, path2save, 'dataXXX);\
\
save_time_stamps(time_stamps, path2save, 'dataXXX');\
The paths will be created:\
path2save / dataXXX / parameters\
path2save / dataXXX / time_stamps\
Time stamps will look which parameters already exist, and if the numbers do not match, it means you forgot to save parameters or messed up somehow. It will throw on a warning.\
\
c) S files\
See examples in Cone-Isolating Pulse and Moving Gratings. Importantly, you must comment out all parameters which are specified in the S file, otherwise it should complain about double parameters.\
\
d) In display_stimulus:\
	- set wait_trigger or wait_key to true. Wait_key set to true will force wait_trigger to false. Wait_trigger should default to TRUE, but for now it is FALSE (for testing without trigger device). Change default behavior in display_stimulus.m.\
	- \'92erase' set to 0 forces the last frame to stay on screen (tested for WN and movies)\
	- set trigger_interval for WN and movies (default 100).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}