{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh14760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Part 1: Set up of Photons environment. \
	A:	Once per hardware setup.
\b0 \
 		> Setup of NIDaq environment (NIDAQ base 3.6)\
	\
		> Update 6501 firmware. \
\
		> Setup X-11 environment. (Download XQuartx 2.7.5.dmg if necessary). 
\i NB: More documentation is available on this from Justin\'92s site. I will try and bring it over as an appendix in a later draft. 
\i0  \
	\
		> Setup Xcode environment (Standard Apple download).\
			Download Xcode command line tools.\
\
	
\b B: 	Matlab configuration.
\b0 \
		> Set your matlab path to include (with subdirectories) the Photons directory. E.g. addpath(genpath(\'91\'85./Photons\'92)). Open Stim_script.m and change the \'91cd\'92 path on top to the directory containing Photons. \
\
	
\b C:	RSM configuration issues.\
		
\b0 > If necessary re-compile mex files. (See re-compiling appendix). 
\i NB: Appendix under construction.
\i0  
\b \

\b0   \
 
\b Once per reboot of computer
\b0 \
		>  Pre-run machine setup issues: From a terminal window run: "sudo mdutil -i off" (spotlight)\
\
\

\b Part 2: Setup RSM Session on Matlab:\
\

\b0 > Shut down all non-Matlab applications. 
\b \

\b0          \
> Start Matlab. Open Stim_script.m. Run initialize_display with either OLED or CRT. Set gamma.\
\
}